In the time of the Great Shogunate, the 9th and 11th year of the Shogunate were at the bottom of the collapse.
And, as I have just said, they had the most brave work.
On the 14th of May, 23rd, the time of the Great Shogunate, the most intense time of the Shogunate,
in Taimura, the children worked bravely.
At that time, the Onsenmachi in Kinosaki was completely destroyed by the Shinkasai,
and Toyo-Okamachi was burned down by two-thirds, and 359 people were killed.
The village of Tai was located right above the Shinkan,
so the earthquake was not in the Kinosaki or Toyo-Oka,
but in the first five seconds,
and in the whole village, 82 of them were crushed,
and 65 villagers died.
The day was a day of the fire,
so 36 people were burning in the fire to warm up the room.
For this reason, smoke came up from here and there,
and three people were burned down in the meantime.
If the villagers who were safe at that time had been burned down,
the village would have been burned down,
and the 65 people who were buried would have been burned down.
However, the villagers who survived the fire,
until the women and children arrived,
were very calm and did their best.
The villagers who were screaming in the village were the first to say,
First, put out the fire.
As the three houses were shaking, the smoke rose from the house,
and broke the roof and put out the fire.
Then the villagers were rescued,
but 58 people were saved by the fire,
and only 7 people were saved by the fire,
because of the firewood that was like a needle or a stick.
The villagers who survived the fire were not saved.
However, the villagers of the village were very strong,
and the villagers were trying to put out the fire first,
so the disaster was relatively light.
Thank you for watching.